---
title: Hello World, It's About Time
slug: hello-world
date: 2025-01-09 00:24:58+0000
image: cover.jpg
categories:
  - Personal
weight: 1
---

This space is a labor of love that is five years in the making. I've spent
countless hours planning, designing, and contemplating what I ought to say. One
challenge in doing this was overcoming the perception I had that writing was
only worthwhile if it conveyed something profound. In time I've since discovered
the freedom and clarity that comes from putting thoughts and feelings into
words, regardless of their perceived importance. This space is dedicated to
embracing that idea â€“ that everyone has a unique voice and perspective worth
sharing.

Through my writings, I'll be sharing stories about the people and places that
inspire me. I'll also be sharing travel tips, recommendations, and leads that
I've discovered along the way.

In addition to travel stories, I'll be posting technical write-ups on projects
I've worked on, often at the intersection of computer science, engineering, and
systems engineering. These projects have been a source of both joy and
frustration, and I'm excited to share my insights and learnings with others.

As someone who is deeply passionate about increasing access to STEM education,
particularly in Africa, I've often found myself wondering how I can make a
meaningful contribution to this field. Through this blog, I also hope to share
my enthusiasm and experiences with others, and to inspire a new generation of
STEM engineers and scientists.

My own journey into STEM has been a meandering path, filled with unexpected
detours and valuable lessons. One of the most important takeaways I've gained is
that it's not about having all the answers, but rather about embracing curiosity
and being willing to ask questions. In this blog, I'll be sharing my thoughts
and experiences on a range of topics, from strategies for improving STEM access
in Africa to guidance for parents and young people just starting out on their
own STEM journeys.

As I share my ideas and stories through this blog, I hold onto the hope that I
might be able to ignite a spark within someone. Whether it's a newfound
curiosity about the wonders of science or a passion for exploration, I'm excited
to share my own journey with you and hear about the sparks that ignite within
you.

In the coming months, this blog will feature a diverse range of topics,
including:

- Technical tutorials on topics like Python programming and microbit development
- Personal stories of my own experiences in STEM, including successes and
  failures
- Case studies of successful STEM education initiatives in Africa
- Travel tips and recommendations from my adventures around the world

As I embark on this blogging journey, I'm excited to see where it takes me. I'm
grateful for your company and look forward to hearing your thoughts and feedback
along the way.
